# cyp-randomizer

##### Example Cyckei Plugin Package, Generates Random Numbers
Intended to work with [Cyckei](https://github.com/cyclikal/cyckei), the Keithley battery cycler for Python 3.

---

## About the Randomizer Plugin
The randomizer plugin generates random numbers within a certain adjustable range.
It is intended as a starting point for more complex Cyckei plugins and to facilitate testing.
Compatible with all systems, no additional requirements.

## About Cyckei Plugins
The Cyckei plugin infrastructure was developed to allow data from other instruments to be accessible to Cyckei. The system uses a two-part structure: a loading system and set of parent classes within Cyckei, and additional packages that meet certain standards to provide accurate data to Cyckei. When properly set up, the ability to select certain plugins will appear in the Cyckei client, and data will be meshed into Cyckei's usual output files.

See below for installation details for this specific plugin, and details about Cyckei's plugin systems within the [Cyckei documentation](https://docs.cyclikal.com/projects/cyckei/en/stable/plugins.html).

# Installation

#### Requirements
Randomizer doesn't require any additional packages or drivers to run.

It is recommended that the plugin, as well as Cyckei, are installed in a python [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html). To be accessed, the plugin must be in the same environment as Cyckei.

#### Package Install
To install, clone the github repository, change to the directory and install the python package:

    git clone https://github.com/cyclikal/cyp-randomizer.git
    cd ./cyp-randomizer
    python setup.py install

#### Configuration
After installing the plugin you must add configuration so that can setup and use the plugin correctly. To do so, add the following entry to the ``plugins`` list Cyckei's main ``config.json``.

    {
      "name": "randomizer",
      "enabled": true,
      "sources": [
        {
          "port": null,
          "meta": [1, 10]
        },
        {
          "port": null,
          "meta": [11, 20]
        }
      ]
    },

Since this plugin is particularly simple and doesn't access any external devices, ``port`` numbers should be set to ``null``. Despite this, the randomizer plugin still uses multiple source device schemes for simplicity. ``meta``is used to set the range of numbers that can be generated by a given randomizer source.

#### Usage
Once installed and configured the sources specified on ``config.json`` should appear in the Cyckei client interface as dropdown options. A source can be assigned to any channel, and data from the plugin will be appended to the end of Cyckei's cycling data. A header will be written with the data file specifying which data entries are generated by Cyckei, the plugin, etc.

To check what sources were initialized click ``plugins`` in the dropdown menu.
